He loves that old camera.
Come on. Yang.
One second.
Don't forget to join us.
I will.
Look here for a second.
What are you doing? Come on.
Come on. Gege.
Yellow Equinox.
Is that a new blend?
I think so.
I can make something close to it.
You know what kind of tea leaves?
No. No. no. It's not this kind of tea.
I'm looking for your crystallized teas.
Sorry. I don't carry tea crystals.
How can you be a tea shop
and not carry tea crystals?
How frustrating.
Let me make you something
that might be close.
No. no. no. no.
No. this is… I have to go.
Thanks for coming in.
When's Daddy coming home?
Soon.
He's always late.
Well. I'm late sometimes. too.
And. you know. I've got a busy
few weeks coming up. so…
I know. Yang will be here.
So will Daddy.
Mika.
Don't be too hard on him.
He told me there was a rush of customers
towards the end of the day.
That's good news for Daddy.
He needed that.
I love that meal.
Did you like the gochujang sauce?
-I did.
-I made it.
Imagine that.
It was her first time.
So you put the ingredients in the bowl
and you mixed them all together?
Yeah.
It's good. huh?
It was really wonderful. mei mei.
Thank you.
Next time.
I'm going to Juliet the carrots.
Julienne. and no. you're not.
Mika's growing up so fast.
She keeps asking why we're always busy.
She understands.
And Yang is--
No. she doesn't.
I feel like…
I don't know. I…
I don't want to regret.
I'll make more time.
I will.
I promise.
You know I'm not
putting this on you. right?
Sort of.
-I'm not.
-Teasing.
I just want us to be a team.
A family.
Starting.
Ignite.
Reset.
Starting.
Ignite.
Reset.
Starting.
Welcome. families of fours.
to our monthly dance off.
We have over 30.000 families
competing tonight.
Are you ready?
Stay in sync.
Precision points added.
Take flight.
Ready for combat.
Fight time.
Level one complete.
3.000 families eliminated.
Stay together.
Steady.
Sync bonus coming up.
The hitchhiker.
Go.
Transition.
Collect the TNT.
Detonate.
Smile. It's time for family portrait.
Earthquake.
Tornado time.
Level two complete.
9.000 families eliminated.
Stamina round.
Keep up.
Stay in sync.
Terminated.
Babe! Babe!
It wasn't me. It was…
It wasn't me! Mika!
Not me! It was Daddy!
That's the furthest we've ever gone.
That's true.
Yang. we're out.
Yang? Yang!
-Yang!
-Yang?
It looks like we have
three years left on the warranty.
but they're not answering.
Can't you just go there?
I'm going to. I don't know
if the store is even there anymore.
I did a search. I can't find them.
-Did you call Brothers & Sisters?
-We didn't buy from them directly.
They won't honor the warranty?
No. the warranty is with Second Siblings.
I told you we should've
just bought a new one.
He was new.
I mean. practically.
He's refurbished.
Certified refurbished.
And he'd only been in use for five days.
Five days. And we saved--
But now it--
Nevermind.
Let's just get him fixed.
Yeah.
You need to get Mika to school.
Mika. come on. we need to go!
Mika?
-Mika?
-What happened to Yang?
Hi.
I don't know. He shut down last night.
He won't restart.
-Has this happened before?
-No.
You got a technician?
He's still under warranty.
I wouldn't take him back
to Brothers & Sisters.
They're just going to try to get you
to recycle him for a new model.
You know why.
I'm not taking him there.
The warranty's with another store.
You didn't buy him direct?
No.
No. he's certified.
I have to go and get Mika.
Mika's still here?
She didn't see Yang all dead-eyed?
I bet it freaked her out.
-Yeah.
-Listen. I got a technician in Woodbury.
It's worth the trek.
I'm going to send you his info.
No. I'll just. I'll take him to Quick Fix
if I can't figure it out.
That place is for morons.
Don't take him there.
My guy will fix him
for a third of the cost.
You tell Russ I sent ya.
Okay.
Okay. got to go. Thank you.
Mika?
Come on. kiddo. we got to boogie.
I don't want to go to school.
I want to be with Yang.
Mika. the longer we wait.
the worse it's gonna be for Yang.
What do you mean?
He'll start decomposing.
What?
Come on. we got to go.
Mika. now.
FYI. Mika's going to be
with me for the day.
Why?
What happened?
Well. you know. she just refused.
-and I wasn't gonna drag her inside.
-Mika?
Answer me.
Mom. I can't.
I want to be with Yang.
It's okay. darling.
I just wanted to hear your voice.
You need to listen to Dad
and be good and calm. okay?
Is Yang going to be better?
-Yes. he's gonna--
-Well. we don't know for sure. but…
-What do you mean?
-Yeah. what do you mean?
We can't make any promises.
but. Mika. listen.
if you can be good and calm
for the rest of the day.
I'm gonna bring you a surprise.
What?
You just promised her a surprise.
-What is it. Mom?
-That's different.
Mom. what is it?
I wasn't trying to…
I appreciate you taking the day off.
Mom?
Honey. be good and listen to Dad.
I need to go. I have to get ready
for my presentation. We'll talk.
What is she going to get me. Dad?
I have no idea.
I think I know.
Just don't get your hopes up
for anything specific.
Gege. I know what she's going to get me.
Excuse me?
Can I help you?
Yeah. I was wondering if you--
I purchased a…
This used to be a store
where you could buy
an older sibling for Chinese adoptions.
It was called Second Siblings.
We sell fish and tanks.
Yeah. I can see. but do you know
what happened to that shop?
Before my store. they sold memory.
Memory-balia.
Is that how you say it. memory-balia?
Memorabilia.
Memorabilia. Yeah. memories.
But no technos?
No. I'm not sure what it was before that.
All right. thank you.
Mika.
Mika? Mika. come on. let's go.
I want a fish.
Gege? Meet Puffy.
It's a black-box issue. okay?
So. by law. we're not allowed to tamper
with the core interior. unfortunately.
So what is it that you do here?
Well. we are certified with
Brothers & Sisters Incorporated
to repair or replace up to 12 parts
most commonly in need of service.
If you want to take a gander there
at the 12-point diagnostic.
Yeah. but your diagnostics is just--
Well. we hooked up Yang
to our certified analyzer.
and all 12 parts were in working order.
However. the readout did indicate that
there was a core malfunction
unfortunately. so…
So what? So. there's nothing you can do?
There's a couple things we can do here.
We could have him recycled
at Brothers & Sisters.
If you do so before
he begins to decompose.
you'll get $1.000 off on a new model.
which is great.
If you don't want to have him recycled.
which I completely understand.
we are equipped to turn
his head and his voice box
into a virtual assistant.
and we'd salvage
the remaining parts for ya.
What?
But we would have to send
the core to Brothers & Sisters.
No. That's not gonna happen.
Give him back to me.
and I'll get a second opinion.
Sure. Of course. So. that will be
$250 for the diagnostics. please.
You're kidding me.
Unfortunately. no.
That doesn't sound good.
I know.
What did you tell Mika?
I said we were getting a second opinion.
It's already taken longer than I expected.
-Daddy?
-Hi. Mika.
Hi.
-Are you okay?
-No.
I got a fish.
You did?
-She did?
-Yeah.
Yeah. it's a little…
I'll explain later. We're almost there.
All right. Keep me posted.
-Okay.
-Bye. Mika.
Bye.
Say bye to Yang.
Bye. Yang.
It is an interior core problem.
Yeah. we knew that already.
I need your permission
to break open the core.
It's against the law.
It's just…
It's a bunch of corporate bullshit.
You know who made that a law?
Brothers & Sisters.
They're just trying to
protect their spyware.
You recycle that.
they will have so much data
on your family.
it'll make your head spin.
I'm not interested.
It's your loss.
You promised to fix him.
Mika. I said wait outside.
You said he was gonna be fine.
Come on. man.
You got to make a decision.
Maybe this is a good thing.
How is this a good thing?
Yang has been…
Yang has been wonderful…
and we'd all miss him terribly.
But we've been over-reliant on him.
We bought Yang to connect Mika
to her Chinese heritage.
Not to raise her.
Yeah. but we spent a lot of money on Yang.
And I'm not gonna…
feel bad if he does more for Mika
than teach her Chinese fun facts.
He does a lot more than that.
but you're missing the point.
What's the point?
If we can't fix Yang.
we're not gonna buy
another sibling for Mika.
That would just be… strange.
And we can't afford it anyway.
So. we need to be more involved.
More than we are now.
And not just in raising her.
in connecting Mika
to her culture and heritage.
Like. that will be on us.
So we need to be ready and willing.
Mei mei. what's wrong?
Nothing.
Your face says something different.
Just some kids.
-In your class?
-No.
Kids at recess.
They were asking about my real parents.
I see.
And what did you say?
I told them about Mom and Dad.
and they said. "No. your real parents."
They said Mom and Dad
weren't really my parents.
Not really.
Do you believe them?
I mean. they're our parents…
but they're not…
You know. they're not.
Not really.
Mei mei.
Here it is.
Take a look at this.
Is the tree hurt?
No.
Something wonderful is happening here.
What?
You see.
this branch is from a different tree.
It is?
Yes. but now it's becoming
an actual part of this tree.
Not really though. It's just pretend.
Why do you say that?
Because it's just taped to the tree.
Right.
It looks like that. doesn't it?
Here. let's find one
that's already attached.
Mei mei?
See this branch?
This branch is also from another tree.
But look. you're connected to Mom and Dad
just like this branch.
You're a part of the family tree.
For real.
Then so are you.
Why do they do it?
Why do they move branches
to different trees?
It's called grafting.
They do it to make something new.
Some of the apples you love were
produced by combining different trees.
It's an ancient technique that was
used in China over 4.000 years ago.
A Chinese fun fact?
Yes.
But you should know that
both trees are important.
Not just this one.
but the one from this branch. too.
Your other family tree is also
a vital part of who you are.
Do you understand?
I want to go with Dad.
No. kiddo. you need to go to school today.
But Yang! I want to see Yang!
Hey. what about your pup-pup?
Don't you want to show your friends?
-Yang.
-Yang's gonna be home soon.
Is he better?
We'll see.
But you need to go to school.
Yang would want that. Do it for Gege.
He'd want me to show my pup-pup?
All right. I'm heading out.
-Okay. Let me know how it goes.
-Will do.
Your bag.
Come on.
We've always known that
some bots are equipped with spyware.
Especially the foreign ones.
And now we have proof.
Now? So. you've never seen these before.
What does it matter? It is what it is.
-Have you looked at the recordings?
-No.
-No! I'm pro-privacy.
-Can I see what's on here?
You'll need a special reader.
The connectors.
they're nothing I've seen before.
This is some high-level shit. man.
I mean. this is…
Sorry. I'm just trying
to wrap my head around it.
-It's disturbing.
-Yes.
It is disturbing.
It's time to wake up. man.
So how do I buy a reader
that I can see what's on this?
No one's selling a reader for that.
You'll have to have one specifically
modified for those connectors.
Great.
Okay… I'm gonna give you a name.
There's no number.
but this is where you find them.
How much do I owe you?
Like I said. I get paid to fix things.
Thank you.
I guess I'll take Yang back.
I'll tell you what.
Why don't you look at
what's on there first?
If it's something bad. disturbing…
you might not want this bot
in your house anymore.
You can take him.
but also. he's gonna start decomposing.
You won't get as much value for him.
I can keep him hooked up on the simulator
until you know more.
You're a friend of George. right?
Yeah.
Sorry. she's in a meeting.
but I'd be happy to pass on a message.
Yeah. could you just tell her…
Hello? Are you still there?
You know what? It's all right.
I'll talk to her later.
Great. Should I have her call you back?
No. No. it's all right. Thank you.
I was told I could talk to you.
I was looking for Max Walker.
-but they mentioned--
-I'm not interested.
Sorry?
Are you here to talk some conspiracy shit?
No. No. Russ told me that I could--
Russ? Man. you're one of them.
I can't believe they let you back here.
I'm not one of them. I…
I have this.
I was told Max might be able
to help me with it.
What is that?
Russ said it's spyware.
Where did you find it?
It was inside Yang.
He's our…
We bought him after we adopted
our daughter. She's Chinese.
And my neighbor recommended Russ
after Yang shut down. and Russ broke in--
Can I-- Sorry. Can I?
Yeah. sure.
Holy shit. this isn't spyware.
I'm pretty sure it's a memory bank.
The memory banks allowed the technos
to record a few seconds each day.
The labs were trying to understand
what technos considered memorable.
But the research was uncovered.
the whole protect was shut down
immediately for violating privacy laws.
So. what do I do?
I'm not gonna lie. This…
This is a big deal.
If it's the regulator. then Russ is right.
He's not gonna turn on.
I'm just being honest with you.
But his existence…
Yang's existence would be an invaluable
contribution to this museum
and just to the whole understanding
of techno-sapiens.
So. I guess the real question's gonna be
what do we pay you to have
Yang and his memories in our collection?
Could I have another one of these. please?
Answer call.
-Hey.
-Hey. How's Mika?
She's next door.
Next door? At George's?
-Yep.
-Why?
Because you're not here.
and I have work to do.
I'm taking care of Yang.
-Is that what you're doing?
-Yes.
So. you just dropped her off over there?
No. his daughters
invited her over to play.
You need to stop being so hard on George.
He likes you.
and he's being really helpful.
His kids are clones.
I don't want to talk about this again.
And he paints his face
for sporting events.
What is wrong with you?
What's wrong with him?
You need to stop. Okay?
How's the Ramen?
It's… soothing.
Yeah. I can see that.
What are you having?
Ramen.
Really? That's funny.
Is it?
Sort of. don't you think?
Are you any closer to getting Yang fixed?
This is the third place
you've taken him to.
Yeah. he's actually
still at the repair shop.
I'm… having a part examined.
By a specialist.
So. is he gonna be
up and running again soon?
I'm not sure.
You know. it's… It's complicated.
That's Mika. I got to go.
Functions like any other reader.
Should be intuitive.
Do I need a code?
Yeah. there should be a certification card
that came with Yang.
There's a serial number and a PIN on it.
Also. per our agreement.
you'll need to bring
Yang's body here tomorrow.
-Sooner the better.
-Yes.
I wouldn't be surprised if Russ is trying
to replace parts and steal the originals.
We will keep Yang's body
preserved here in a bio-state
while you go and review the memories
and decide what you want to do next.
Okay. Yeah. Thank you.
Thank you.
I've dedicated my life
to understanding techno-sapiens. This…
This is a gift.
I wanna be just like the wind
Just flowing in the air
Flowing in open space
Yang taught you that?
It's his favorite song. Do you like it?
I love it.
Hey.
Mika's up late.
She couldn't sleep.
You going somewhere?
Brenda's meeting me at the office.
We're gonna stay overnight and work.
We're behind.
I'm sorry I wasn't here earlier.
It's fine.
You'll need to take Mika to school
and get her ready for the day.
Do you think you can do that?
Yeah. of course.
All right. I need to go.
Are we okay?
So. what did the part reveal?
The part?
The part.
The specialist?
Yeah. yeah.
We should know something soon.
I need to go.
Try and get some sleep if you can.
Serial 733951137CM99.
PIN 279321.
Play.
What are you doing?
Repeat.
Play.
I wanna be the…
One. two.
three. four…
-Five.
-…five…
-Six.
-…six…
-Seven.
-…seven…
eight. nine. ten…
Mei mei. Mei mei.
Walk to me. Mei mei. Walk to me.
Careful.
Wonderful.
I know you didn't mean it.
Daddy.
Daddy!
Sorry. is everything okay?
I'm getting some water.
Do you want me to?
Are you watching a movie?
I am.
What are you watching?
Just a…
Just a documentary.
Is it about tea?
Yeah.
Is it boring you to tears?
Hey.
let's get you some water.
I'll do it.
Okay.
Is this something you do?
Do you get yourself water
in the middle of the night?
Gege usually comes with me.
Is that right? So you'd wake him up?
Does he sleep?
No. I don't think so.
I usually just say. "Gege."
Not very loudly. because he can hear me
even when I whisper.
I say. "Gege. I want to get some water."
Then he joins me in the hallway.
and we walk quietly to the kitchen.
Why don't you just ask him
to get you a glass of water?
Then you can stay in bed.
I like getting my own water.
What do you mean you want him back?
I mean I want him back.
Did Max make the reader for you?
Max isn't there anymore.
-Where is he?
-I don't know.
I bet they took him.
I can't believe they finally got him.
Please. just… let me have Yang back.
I want an explanation.
Yang belongs to us. I…
don't need to give you an explanation.
It'll be all right.
God. I love cultural technos.
And since they're used for
adoptions and language learning.
they haven't had to change much
over the years.
No need to be faster or stronger.
There's some damage here.
Damn. Russ just hacked his way
into the core.
There's a proper way of opening it.
So. if you don't mind.
we're just gonna do a full check-up.
and we're gonna restore Yang
as best we can.
That would be great.
It won't help with his off-state.
but it should help with his preservation.
Play.
Repeat.
Come on. Yang.
One second.
My silly girl.
Silly girl
He loves that old camera.
Come on. Yang.
Silly girl
He loves that old camera.
Come on. Yang.
One second.
Don't forget to join us.
I will.
He loves that old camera.
Come on. Yang.
One second.
Don't forget to join us.
I will.
Silly girl
Just look here for one second.
What are you doing? Come on.
Come on. Gege.
What do you like about tea?
Do you mean the taste of tea?
Maybe. Is the taste why you like tea?
It has something to do with it.
Is it why you've given your life to tea?
"Given my life to tea".
well. that sounds… pretty serious.
Is it not serious?
I guess I've acquired a taste for tea.
But it's not why I became interested.
Interested.
What I was really drawn to
at the beginning was…
I think what I was really drawn to
at the beginning was the idea of…
…the idea of tea.
The idea of tea.
Yeah. I saw this old documentary
when I was in college.
It was… from the 20th century.
And it was about this man
searching for the best tea in China.
It's about a man searching
for the best team in China.
China is where tea started.
Yes. I'm sure you have lots of
interesting facts about tea in China.
I do.
Would you like to hear some of them?
Maybe another time.
I'm sorry. you were saying about
the man searching for tea.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. actually. I think that's it.
I think it was his searching
that compelled me.
The pursuit of this elusive thing.
this… process that was
connected to the soil.
to the plants. to the weather.
and to a way of life.
…to a way of life.
So that's what you like about tea?
The search… not so much the taste.
No. no. the taste. too.
There's this…
There's this part in a film.
it's a great part.
where the man is explaining
to his German friend
why it's so difficult for him
to describe the taste of tea.
He says. "There's no language for it.
There are no words to adequately express
the mysterious nature of tea."
And his German friend
who's just standing right beside him
with a cup of tea says.
"Yes. but I imagine things like
you are walking through a forest.
and there are leaves on the ground.
and it just had rained.
and the rain has stopped.
and it's damp. and you walk.
and somehow. that is all in this tea."
I mean. I… loved that so much.
I loved that so much.
"Somehow that is all in this tea."
God. I watched it over and…
God. I watched it over and over again.
I would like to watch this movie.
Well. maybe we can do it together.
Yes. That would be nice.
So. do you believe it?
What's that?
That a cup of tea can contain a world?
That you could taste a place… a time?
Let's put it to the test. shall we?
So. you want to smell it first.
You know. there's not just flavor
in the aroma. there's… history. too.
You know. traditionally.
tea shops that were family businesses
passed down from one generation…
…passed down from generation to.
you know this.
from generation to generation.
Maybe it's time I started
teaching you the trade.
Let's see if we can
taste the world together.
Drink it all at once.
What did you think?
I'm not sure if I can taste the forest.
Do you taste anything?
Maybe I haven't the language for it.
I wish Chinese tea
wasn't just about facts for me.
What do you mean?
I like watching the way you make tea.
It's very beautiful.
The way the leaves bloom
and float and fall.
I wish I felt something deeper about tea.
I wish I had a real memory
of tea in China.
Of a place.
Of a time.
I think this would…
What?
Sorry. I lost my train of thought.
Are you happy. Yang?
I don't know
if that's the question for me.
Repeat.
I wanna be…
Play.
Like in harmony
I wanna be
I…
Repeat.
Like in harmony
Pause.
Zoom in.
Face match.
What can I get you?
Our senses are stored.
never to be the same.
Whisper to us.
They existed. They existed.
We can be…
What are you doing?
Be and be better for they existed.
Do you think that's true?
Hello?
Hey. what can I get for you?
Hey. do you know her?
No. I don't.
Could you ask someone?
She used to work here.
I'm sorry. there's a line.
I'm going to need you to order something.
I'll have a double espresso.
If I can speak to the manager.
that'd be great.
Double espresso. is that it?
Yes. And the manager.
Sorry. I can't help you.
But she worked here.
She doesn't work here anymore.
But could you tell me her name?
Why do you want to find her?
She knew my son.
And he's not doing so well right now.
Health-wise.
And I thought she'd want to know.
But you've never met her.
No.
And you don't know her name.
Yeah.
Then I don't either.
Sorry.
-Hey.
-Hey. George.
What do you need?
I was wondering if you'd ever seen her
around the house.
Who is she?
I don't know. but Yang knew her.
Really?
I didn't know that bots…
That techno beings
could make friends on their own.
They were just--
I don't know anything.
I just want to find her.
Let me ask the girls.
Maybe they know something.
Please. Thank you.
Ladies. I need to see you.
What is it?
Just get over here.
And bring the twins.
Vicky just made
the all-star softball team.
You got to come watch.
I mean. she's great.
Nice.
What is it?
Mr. Fleming wants to know
if you've seen her around.
Are you sure?
Can we go?
Yeah. Go ahead.
How about you?
Is she in trouble?
-I don't…
-No. No. not at all.
How's Yang?
He's not so good.
But. you know.
I think… finding her. it might help.
-Yeah. I've seen her.
-You have?
A couple times. At your place.
Did you ever talk to her?
Once. Yang asked me not to say anything.
Why?
You don't like clones. right?
-No. no. it's not--
-Come on. Vic. No fastballs.
I just… I've never had the--
-It's fine.
-No. it's not.
Vicky.
She's a clone.
She is?
Yeah. but she's really cool and nice.
Like most of us.
I'm sure.
Do you know her name?
It's… Aidy or Ada. something like that.
Okay.
Thank you.
-Look. I'm sorry if I've ever--
-Can I go now?
Yes. Thank you. sweetheart.
I'm really sorry. it's--
No. it's… Honestly.
You should see her fastball.
I mean. she's just.…
Like. all day long. I mean…
Well. thanks. George. I really have to…
-Another time.
-Yeah.
Hey. maybe we can get a drink together?
Sometime?
Yeah. Yeah. that'd be great.
I want to see Gege.
I know. love.
You miss him.
Me. too. We just can't see him now.
What about the family dance?
Are we never gonna dance again?
Of course we will.
But… we might have to
compete in the family of threes.
I don't want to be a family of three!
Mika.
I want Gege back!
Daddy's trying his best.
He's doing everything he can.
I want him back. too.
What about you. Mom?
Do you want him back?
Of course I do.
This is dragging on too long.
I just need a little more time.
We need to start focusing on Mika.
We're just making things
more difficult for her.
Jake…
do you hear me?
If we can't get Yang fixed. we just…
We need to move forward. Okay?
Now. Now.
I need to tell you something.
No. it's frozen.
That's interesting.
Try command "memory reveal info."
and it should tell you
if it's corrupt or not.
Okay. I'll do that.
Also. I was wondering. is it possible
for cultural technos like Yang to…
want to have romantic potential?
You mean for humans to use them?
No. no. no. I mean for Yang
to be interested in…
There's a girl.
and she showed up in his memories .
and. you know.
we didn't know anything about her.
Really?
That's fascinating.
Because I've never heard of
cultural technos having that capacity.
I cannot tell you how much
Yang and his memories--
I should get that.
All right. okay.
but we'll touch base soon?
-Yeah. let's do that.
-Great.
You've been looking for me?
Yes.
I'm Jake.
I know.
I'm Ada.
Ada.
Well. come in. Please.
I knew something was wrong.
We usually meet.
and he wasn't answering my messages.
I'm sorry.
I know Yang loves
being a part of this family.
Can I ask how you met?
At the coffee shop.
He approached you?
He was a regular customer.
He used to buy things all time.
which. you know. was funny
when I found out he was a techno.
But yeah. we started talking…
and eventually he asked me
if wanted to do something.
Were you and Yang…
Were you guys…
Well. we never really
talked about us in that way.
Sorry. that's my wife. I need to…
-Yeah.
-Sorry. Please. don't leave.
She's freaking out.
You need to pick her up.
What's she doing?
She punched a kid.
then she started screaming at everyone.
-Holy shit.
-Are you able to get her now?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm on my way.
Thank you.
I want to see him.
Mika…
Yang loves you so much.
He always talks about you.
Thanks again for this.
I understand.
I'm sure everyone misses him a lot.
Mika.
Gege.
I'm sorry.
He would have his own area.
We could put some of
his memories on a loop…
projected…
or on a set of readers
that visitors could wear.
Of course. any memory
would have to be approved by you.
Yang.
Play.
Your collection is growing.
Hi.
Yes. it's getting bigger.
Do you want me to stop now?
I can put some away.
No. no. I'm not complaining.
I like them quite a bit.
Do you know butterflies were
one of the favorite subjects of
Chinese trade art in the mid-1800s?
No. I did not know that.
The Chinese love butterflies.
There's also a famous folk tale about
two lovers who die of broken hearts
and reemerge as butterflies.
Also. the ancient Chinese philosopher
Lao Tzu once said.
"What the caterpillar calls the end.
the rest of the world calls a butterfly."
I like that.
Is this something you believe?
That the end…
…that the end is also a beginning?
…is also the beginning?
For the caterpillar…
For the caterpillar. yes.
But do you believe
it's true for all things?
I don't know.
I'm… not programmed
to believe in that way.
What about you?
I'd like to believe that.
Do you?
Sometimes I think…
humans are programmed
to believe in such things. but…
I don't know
if it's really in our best interest.
May I be honest with you?
Yes.
Wait. is…
Is not being honest an option for you?
I don't think so.
Go on.
I'm fine… if there's nothing in the end.
Are you?
Maybe I was programmed this way as well.
Does it ever make you feel sad?
Well…
there's no something…
without nothing.
Does it ever make you feel sad?
Well. there's no something…
without nothing.
Lao Tzu?
I'm not sure.
Did Yang ever struggle
with being a techno?
What do you mean?
I mean. did he ever…
want to be human?
What?
Nothing.
It's just… that's such
a human thing to ask. isn't it?
We always assume that other beings
would want to be human.
What's so great about being human?
So. he never struggled with it?
He never…
questioned this?
Not to me.
I see.
He did question if he was Chinese.
He did?
Yeah.
What makes someone Asian?
He'd ask that all the time.
Maybe he just wanted to help Mika
understand what it means to be Chinese.
He was dedicated to his little sister.
Yeah. Yang was a good brother.
He's a great brother.
Reveal file info.
Wrong command. Try again.
Reveal… memory info.
Access granted. Beta archive.
Beta archive?
Open.
Wrong command. Try again.
-Extract.
-Full command.
Extract beta.
Play all.
Zoom in.
Coordinates.
-Hello.
-Hi. could I speak to the owners?
Yes. One moment.
He wasn't just quiet.
He seemed despondent. Broken.
We took him back a few days later.
and they let us make an exchange.
Brothers & Sisters?
No. it was…
Well. I can't remember the name.
We didn't buy him new.
You didn't?
No. but he was certified.
Second Siblings.
Maybe. Is that in Chinatown?
Yeah. it used to be.
I assume he was on
when you bought him in a… sleep state?
That sounds right.
Extract…
alpha.
There is not enough space.
Would you like to compress beta or gamma?
Compress beta.
Beta compressed.
Extract alpha.
There is not enough space.
Would you like to compress gamma?
Compress gamma.
Gamma is compressing.
Gamma compressed.
Extract alpha.
Di-di.
Di-di. wake up.
Is everything okay?
Hi. we're here to help Emma Davidson.
Yes. come in.
Slowly bring it down.
Side to side.
Good.
Your niece is going to like me.
Hey. Let's go get Yang.
Come here. Go get him.
Can I tell you something?
Come on!
She was my great aunt.
Your original?
So Yang knew her?
Yes.
He never told you?
No.
But I always… helped.
Sorry.
I wish he would have told me about her.
Us.
Do you?
He found you.
She's asleep.
I don't want Yang to be on display…
in the museum.
Neither do I.
But…
we should let them study his memories.
Do you think so?
Yes. His existence mattered.
And not just to us.
Yeah.
Come on.
Gege.
I want to thank you
for being the best big brother
in the world.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have said that I hated you.
I miss you. big brother.
Daddy.
Hey. what are you doing up?
What are you doing?
You want some water?
Want to sit beside me?
Can't sleep.
Me neither.
Don't want to say bye to Gege.
I wanna be
I wanna be just like a melody
Just like a simple sound
Like a harmony